Updates to the Asset Processor Interface page. (#1483)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/assets/asset-processor/interface.md

Failed jobs do not produce a product asset.

What is considered a log message, warning, error, and failure, and how the system handles these is up to each builder's author. Our guidance is:
 * Print a log message for anything that will be useful as a bread crumb for tracking down problems later, for both the content creator or the builder author.
 * Emit a warning if something is wrong but it can mostly be handled, and the output your builder can generate is reasonably close to what the content creator intended.
 * Post an error if your builder encounters data it can't properly handle and you know the product asset you output won't be fully correct. When possible, this is prefered over a failure because the failure won't produce any product asset, so any references from other assets to this asset may break. For example, if a prefab references a mesh product asset from an FBX file, an update to the FBX causes the job to fail, then any edits to the prefab while this job is failing may lose the reference to the mesh.

>  * Post a failure if your builder encounters something it cannot happen and all processing should end, and the builder should not output anything. This is generally considered a last resort, and is most commonly seen when a builder crashes during processing.

Reviewer: I think you have a typo here "something it cannot happen". Should that be handle?

Author: Fixed

{{< note >}}

> The most common reason for failure is that the Asset Builder has crashed. When an Asset Builder crashes, Asset Processor logs the job failure with a failure and continues processing assets from the jobs list. When Asset Processor is restarted, it attempts to reprocess any failed jobs. If an asset has failed to process, we recommend you first examine why this failure occured, and inform your team, sharing any relevant artifacts such as log messages. Once you proceed to the next step, that information may be lost. Alternatively, you can locate individual source assets in the Assets tab, **right-click** on the asset, and select **Reprocess File** to re-run the process job.

Reviewer: "logs the job failure with a failure" is kind of confusing.  Perhaps: "logs the job as failed"

Author: Fixed

{{< /note >}}

The circumstances that cause an Asset Builder to complete a job with warnings, errors, or failures are left to the implementation of the Asset Builder, but should follow the guidance above.

### Filtering by keyword and status

The Asset Status list can be filtered by entering keywords and regular expressions in the filter box. The regular expressions (regex) are standard `std::regex` in extended format. The `std::regex` rules apply.

> The example below searches for all files ending with .png. The asterisk (`*`) indicates any character 0 or more times. The period is escaped, because in a regex search `.` matches any non-newline character.

Reviewer: Technically the * indicates the previous token should match 0 or more times, and the regex doesn't specify it has to end with .png since there's no $.  This actually isn't valid regex without something before the * and doesn't work in AP.

I think the example should be \.png$

Author: Fixed

## Assets

In the Assets tab, the tabbed pane on the left displays either the **Source Assets** tree from the scan directories, or the **Product Assets** tree from the **Asset Cache**. You can browse either tree for specific assets, or use the search bar to find assets by name or ID. When an asset is selected, information about the asset is displayed on the right of the interface.

> The search in the Assets Tab is also a regex based search, like for the jobs tab. See the jobs section for details on regex searching.

Reviewer 2: Adding a link back to the section.

```suggestion
 The Assets Tab search is also a regex based search, like for the jobs tab. Refer to the previous section [filtering by keyword and status](#filtering-by-keyword-and-status) for more information.
```

| Pane | Description |
| - | - |
| **Asset Information** | Detailed information about the selected asset including the name of the asset, the scan directory path, and the Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) associated with the asset. |
| **Products** | The product assets that are produced from jobs that processed this source asset. |
| **Outgoing Source Dependencies** | Any files that have been registered as a source dependency for any jobs that run on this source asset. |

> | **Incoming Source Dependencies** | The list of source assets that have one or more jobs that have marked this source asset as a source dependency, any modifications to this source asset will cause these jobs to run. |

Author: I've updated the pull request with all these suggested changes
